-Welcome back to
"The Tonight Show," everybody.
It's time to play Password!
-Ya-hoo!
♪♪
-Well, our first team tonight --
she's a multi-platinum
recording artist
with a new album
called "Rainbow"...
and he is the host
of "The Tonight Show."
It's Kesha and Jimmy Fallon!
[ Cheers and applause ]
-That record comes out tonight!
-At midnight.
-Midnight tonight,
"Rainbow" drops.
Right now. You gotta get it.
-Boom, and their opponents --
Their opponents --
he is the host of
"To Tell the Truth" on ABC,
and she is the host
of "Fresh Air" on NPR.
Say hello to Anthony Anderson
and Terry Gross!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now, the rules of the game
are very simple.
I will give each of you
a password,
and then you will give
a one-word clue --
that's one word only --
to get your partner
to guess that password.
The team with the most points
after four words wins.
Any questions? Great.
-Well, I was just wondering
if there are --
-Fantastic.
We're going to start.
First clue goes
to Kesha and Terry.
-Okay. Anthony, don't look.
-Okay.
-The password is "burrito."
-Kesha, why don't you
start us off? One word.
-I suck at this. Um...
Okay.
-That's four words. All right.
All right. Let's focus.
We can do this.
We can do this, pal. Come on.
Cowbell connection.
-Okay, okay, okay.
[ Laughter ]
Chipotle!
-Burrito!
-Hey! Ohh!
-Wait. No. That's --
-That's it.
-I play the trumpet
every time I go.
-She plays the trombone.
-Oh, my gosh.
Next clue goes
to Anthony and Jimmy.
-All right.
-The password is "snoop."
-Anthony, you are up first.
-Um...
[ Laughter ]
Whew!
Okay.
Um...
Can you feel it? You got it?
You got it? All right.
Foshizzle.
-Ohh!
And I can't say Jay Z.
-Unh-unh.
-No.
-Foshizzle.
-Is that a hyphenated word?
-No. It's just one word!
It's one word.
-I should know that. Cool.
-No.
-No. That kind of --
-Oh, no.
-Yes, you've got this.
-I don't know if do I do.
-Ready?
-Okay.
-Yea-a-ah!
[ Laughter ]
[ Applause ]
Ready? Ready?
Yea-a-ah!
[ Laughter ]
He said...
-I know what he said.
...foshizzle, yeah.
-I know, and you said, "Yeah."
-No. No!
-No! He didn't say, "Yeah."
-He said, "Yea-a-ah!"
-Oh! Wait.
-Yea-a-ah!
-Like...
Like "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
-Is there a time limit?
-Uh, Ludacris?
-No, no, no, no.
-She said Babyface?
-I said Ludacris.
-Oh, no. No.
-That's ludicrous.
-Um, okay.
You remember
my first clue, right?
-Yeah.
-All right. Say it.
-Foshizzle.
-Munizzle.
[ Laughter ]
Got to make it one word.
Uh-huh.
Yes! Say it!
-Stop!
-SAY IT!
-I don't know.
-Ooh.
[ Laughter ]
-Okay. 3 points, Jimmy.
3 points.
-All right. Ready?
-I think so.
-I got it. Ready?
-Do you want to go through the
clues that have been given?
-No. We got this. Ready?
Dogg.
-Snoop?
-Yes!
[ Ding, ding, ding ]
♪♪
-Ohh!
-Whoo! All right.
-...gave that one to me.
That was a toughie.
-The score is 9-0.
-Snoop.
-Dogg?
-You should've
just said, "Weed."
-Had I just said, "Dogg,"
you would've said, "Snoop"?!
-Anthony, not now!
-Not now.
She hit me with, "Dogg."
I was like, "Really?!"
-We're getting divorced.
It's over.
-All right. Kesha and Terry.
-The password is "donkey."
-Got it?
-Ohh!
-Terry, you start us off.
-Okay. Mule.
-Donkey!
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa!
This is a barn burner!
9-6...or 6 to 9.
Jimmy?
[ Laughter ]
-The password is "spicy."
-Jimmy, why don't you
start us off?
Look at that score, man!
-No. That's not --
Grow up, man.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-I can't.
-All right.
Caliente!
-Hot?
-Ohh!
-No.
-Mmm! Mmm! Aah! Hot!
Mmm! Hot!
-Salsa.
-What'd you say?
-Okay. No.
-Oh, I got this, I think.
-You do, right?
-I don't know.
[ Laughter ]
I'm so nervous.
What?
-Oh, gosh.
It's hot. It is --
So, you said, "Caliente, hot."
Uh, speecy...
-Ohh!
[ Buzzer sounds ]
♪♪
-Ohh!
-We get the points, right?!
We get the points, right?!
-I was gonna guess that!
-That means we won!
-Unbelievable. I'm sorry!
So, now what's the final score?
They won!
♪♪
Terry and Anthony.
That's not -- Unbelievable.
Our thanks to Kesha,
Anthony Anderson, Terry Gross!